Release 3.11 update (2nd attempt) (#294)
sehlen-bsi/botan-docs: docs/cryptodoc/src/05_08_ml_dsa.rst

BSI's [TR-02102-1]_ recommends using either ML-DSA-6x5 or ML-DSA-8x7 (both in
the hedged variant) to meet its desired security levels. Additionally, it
recommends using ML-DSA only in a hybrid form in a suitable combination with a

> traditional signature mechanism such as RSA or ECDSA.

Reviewer: We should use consistent phrasing throughout the whole document (just one of "traditional" and "classical").

.. _pubkey/ml_dsa/internals:

Known Issues
------------

> Botan uses an incompatible PKCS#8 format: The current state of the ML-DSA implementation of Botan produces and consumes PKCS#8 keys that incompatible with the definition of the PKCS#8 format for ML-DSA in RFC 9881. Botan embeds the raw seed in the PKCS#8 structure as the key, whereas RFC 9881 defines `three different private key choices <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9881.html#name-private-key-format>`, none of which coincides with the format generated and consumed by Botan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Botan uses an incompatible PKCS#8 format: The current state of the ML-DSA implementation of Botan produces and consumes PKCS#8 keys that are incompatible with the definition of the PKCS#8 format for ML-DSA in RFC 9881. Botan embeds the raw seed in the PKCS#8 structure as the key, whereas RFC 9881 defines `three different private key choices <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9881.html#name-private-key-format>`, none of which coincide with the format generated and consumed by Botan.
```

Reviewer: RFC 9881 should be a clickable reference.
